release-6.35.0-changelogs (#9956)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta: CHANGELOG.md

## 6.35.0 (Unreleased)

BREAKING CHANGES:
* metastore: remove non-functioning `tags` field from `google_dataproc_metastore_service`. It was introduced in v6.31.0 but the feature was not yet GA. ([#9944](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/9944))
* redis: remove non-functioning `tags` field from `google_redis_instance `. It was introduced in v6.31.0 but the feature was not yet GA. ([#9945](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/9945))

> 

Author: @shuyama1 possibly we should remove these here since the breaking change is GA-only.

Reviewer: removed!

> BREAKING CHANGES:
> * metastore: remove non-functioning `tags` field from `google_dataproc_metastore_service`. It was introduced in v6.31.0 but the feature was not yet GA. ([#9944](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/9944))
> * redis: remove non-functioning `tags` field from `google_redis_instance `. It was introduced in v6.31.0 but the feature was not yet GA. ([#9945](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/9945))
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

FEATURES:
* **New Resource:** `google_compute_cross_site_network` ([#9940](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/9940))

IMPROVEMENTS:
* alloydb: added `psc_auto_connections` field to `google_alloydb_instance` resource ([#9938](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/9938))
* apigee: added `s_sl_info.enforce` field in `google_apigee_target_server` resource ([#9922](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/9922))
* bigquery: added `security_mode` option for `google_bigquery_routine` resource ([#9949](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/9949))

> * bigtable: add support for explicit disable automated backup on create for `google_bigtable_table` ([#9943](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/9943))
> * compute: add `guest_os_features` and `architecture` to `google_compute_instance_template` and `google_compute_region_instance_template` ([#9950](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/9950))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* bigtable: added support for explicit disable automated backup on create for `google_bigtable_table` ([#9943](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/9943))
* compute: added `guest_os_features` and `architecture` to `google_compute_instance_template` and `google_compute_region_instance_template` ([#9950](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/9950))
```

> * compute: added `grpc_tls_health_check` field to `google_compute_healthcheck` resource (beta) ([#9924](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/9924))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* compute: added `grpc_tls_health_check` field to `google_compute_healthcheck` resource ([#9924](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/9924))
```

> * compute: allow in-place updates for `subnetworks`, `description`, `producer_accept_lists`, and `producer_reject_lists` on `google_compute_network_attachment` ([#9926](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/9926))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* compute: allowed in-place updates for `subnetworks`, `description`, `producer_accept_lists`, and `producer_reject_lists` on `google_compute_network_attachment` ([#9926](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/9926))
```

* dialogflowcx: added `knowledge_connector_settings` field to `google_dialogflow_cx_flow` and `google_dialogflow_cx_page` resources ([#9939](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/9939))

> * filestore: added `directory_services` field to `google_filestore_instance` (beta) ([#9919](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/9919))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* filestore: added `directory_services` field to `google_filestore_instance` ([#9919](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/9919))
```

* netapp: added `volume_region` and `backup_region` fields to `google_netapp_backup` ([#9933](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/9933))
* networkconnectivity: added `immutability` field to `google_network_connectivity_internal_range` resource ([#9931](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/9931))
* networkservices: added `flex_shielding` field to `google_network_services_edge_cache_origin` resource ([#9951](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/9951))
* spanner: added field `default_time_zone` to `google_spanner_database` resource ([#9936](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/9936))
* storage: added new field `content_hexsha512` and `content_base64sha512` in data source `google_storage_bucket_object_content` ([#9920](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/9920))

BUG FIXES:
* gemini: fixed bug on `google_gemini_code_repository_index` where `force_destroy` field did nothing. ([#9952](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/9952))

> * privateca: removed requirement to specify `organization` when creating a Certificate Authority ([#9942](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/9942))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* privateca: removed requirement to specify `organization` for `google_privateca_certificate_authority` resource ([#9942](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/9942))
```
